MULE-15806: List all core error types in documentation (#100)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/mule-error-concept.adoc

When it comes to connectors, each connector defines its error type hierarchy considering the core runtime hierarchy, though `CONNECTIVITY` and `RETRY_EXHAUSTED` types are always present since they are common to all connectors.

Below is listed a full list of Error Types:

> * `ANY`: Error type that matches all error types that may occur in an Flow, that can be handled. This does not include errors that may occur on the source. 

Reviewer: `that may occur in a Flow, that can be handled` -> `that may occur in a Flow and can be handled`

> ** `TRANSFORMATION`: indicates an error ocurred while transforming a value.

Reviewer: Make it clear this regards internal mule transformations and not DW ones. It will be confusing for users otherwise.

** `EXPRESSION`: indicates an error ocurred while evaluating an expression.
** `VALIDATION`: indicates a validation error occured.
*** `DUPLICATE_MESSAGE`: indicates a validation error regarding a message being processed twice. For example, using the xref:idempotent-message-validator.adoc[Idempotent message validator].
** `REDELIVERY_EXHAUSTED`: indicates that max attemps to reprocess a message from a source has been exhausted.

> ** `CONNECTIVITY`: indicates that there was a problem establishing a connection. For example, any connector. 

Reviewer: This example looks weird. I'd either make it specific or find another way of saying this happens in connectors.

> *** `RETRY_EXHAUSTED`: indicates that retries of a certain execution block has been exhausted. For example, for a given extension, or using xref:until-successful-scope.adoc[Until Successful Scope].

Reviewer: `has been exhausted` -> `have been exhausted`

Reviewer: `extension` -> `operation`

** `ROUTING`: indicates an error occured while routing a message. For example, using the xref:round-robin.adoc[Round Robin router].
*** `COMPOSITE_ROUTING`: indicates that one or more errors occured during routing a message. For example, using a xref:scatter-gather-concept.adoc[Scatter Gather Router].

> ** `SECURITY`: indicates a security error ocurred, like invalid credentials or expired token. 

Reviewer: "like invalid credentials being received or an expired token being used"

> *** `CLIENT_SECURITY`: indicates a security error occured due to an external entity, such as calling an external endpoint. 

Reviewer: This is more an external entity producing a security error, so an operation is rejected.

*** `SERVER_SECURITY`: indicates a security error enforced by the Mule Runtime. 
**** `NOT_PERMITTED`: indicates a security restriction enforced by a filter. For example, using xref:connectors:spring-module.adoc#spring_auth_filter[the Authorization Filter of the Mule Spring Module].
** `STREAM_MAXIMUM_SIZE_EXCEEDED`: indicates the maximum size allowed for a stream has been exceeded. For more insight, see xref:streaming-about.adoc[Streaming in Mule Apps].
** `TIMEOUT`: indicates timeout ocurred while processing a message. 
** `UNKNOWN`: indicates an unknown or unexpected error ocurred. This cannot be handled directly, only by handling `ANY`, to ensure backwards compatibility in case more error types are added in future runtime versions. 
* `SOURCE`: indicates that an error ocurred in the source of the flow.

> ** `SOURCE_ERROR_RESPONSE_GENERATE`: indicates that an error ocurred in the source of the flow generating the parameters of an error response. This error cannot be handled since sources have already executed failing path. 

Reviewer: "the failing path"

Reviewer: "since the source has"

> ** `SOURCE_ERROR_RESPONSE_SEND`: indicates that an error ocurred in the source of the flow sending an error response. This error cannot be handled since sources have already executed failing path. 

Reviewer: same

> * `SOURCE_RESPONSE`: indicates that an error ocurred in the source of a flow while processing a successful response. This errors can only be propagated, since the sources have already executed successful path. 

Reviewer: This -> These

Reviewer: "the source has already executed the successful"

** `SOURCE_RESPONSE_GENERATE`: indicates an error ocurred in the source of the flow while generating the parameters of a successful response.
** `SOURCE_RESPONSE_SEND`: indicates an error ocurred in the source of the flow while sending a successful response.

> * `CIRTICAL`: indicates a severe error ocurred. This errors cannot be handled. 

Reviewer: This -> These

Below is listed a full list of Error Types:

* `ANY`: Error type that matches all error types that may occur in an Flow and can be handled. This does not include errors that may occur on the source. 

> ** `TRANSFORMATION`: indicates an error ocurred while transforming a value. This involves Mule Runtime transformation and not DataWeave transformations. For example, using the Expression Transformer. 

Reviewer: What do you mean by expression transformer? AFAIK that's no longer part of mule 4, maybe compatibility. just say this refers to internal mule transformations.

Author: ```suggestion
** `TRANSFORMATION`: indicates an error ocurred while transforming a value. This involves Mule Runtime internal transformations and not DataWeave transformations. 
```

** `EXPRESSION`: indicates an error ocurred while evaluating an expression.
** `VALIDATION`: indicates a validation error occured.
*** `DUPLICATE_MESSAGE`: indicates a validation error regarding a message being processed twice. For example, using the xref:idempotent-message-validator.adoc[Idempotent message validator].
** `REDELIVERY_EXHAUSTED`: indicates that max attemps to reprocess a message from a source has been exhausted.

> ** `CONNECTIVITY`: indicates that there was a problem establishing a connection. This could occur while using a connector, for example a HTTP requester. 

Reviewer: `an HTTP`

Author: ```suggestion
** `CONNECTIVITY`: indicates that there was a problem establishing a connection. This could occur while using a connector, for example an HTTP requester. 
```

*** `RETRY_EXHAUSTED`: indicates that retries of a certain execution block have been exhausted. For example, for a given operation, or using xref:until-successful-scope.adoc[Until Successful Scope].
** `ROUTING`: indicates an error occured while routing a message. For example, using the xref:round-robin.adoc[Round Robin router].
*** `COMPOSITE_ROUTING`: indicates that one or more errors occured during routing a message. For example, using a xref:scatter-gather-concept.adoc[Scatter Gather Router].

> ** `SECURITY`: indicates a security error ocurred, like invalid credentials being received or expired token being used. 

Reviewer: `an expired`

Author: ```suggestion
** `SECURITY`: indicates a security error ocurred, like invalid credentials being received or an expired token being used. 
```
